README.md, before:

# Program's name

The program monitors real time greenhouse gas data and compares current data with historial greenhouse gas data. The purpose of the program is that user can note the impact of gases on climate change.

MAIN branch does not have any functionality yet. 

## Usage

MVC-branch:
Running the code opens the UI window where you can start the program. Set time range, compare and average buttons open new windows, but user can’t do anything on them. From the combo box user can choose statfi, smear or compare. Compare doesn’t work yet. When user selects statfi or smear, she can also choose different gases and stations. After that user can press Show data button and graph shows up. At this point the graph’s data is always the same and it is defined in model.cpp. From quit button user can close the program.

STATFI-branch:
Running the code opens the empty UI window and prints data fetched from STATFI as a debug message. The test parameters are defined in main.cpp.

SMEAR-branch:
Running the code opens the empty UI window and prints data fetched from SMEAR as a debug message. The test parameters are defined in main.cpp.

Commit message:

Update README.md specification for interface usage

README.md, after:

# Program's name

The program monitors real time greenhouse gas data and compares current data with historial greenhouse gas data. The purpose of the program is that user can note the impact of gases on climate change.

MAIN branch does not have any functionality yet. 

## Usage

MVC-branch:
Running the code opens the UI window where you can start the program. Set time range, compare and average buttons open new windows, but user can’t do anything on them. From the combo box user can choose statfi, smear or compare. Compare doesn’t work yet. When user selects statfi or smear, she can also choose different gases and stations. After that user can press Show data button and graph shows up. At this point the graph’s data is always the same and it is defined in model.cpp. From quit button user can close the program.

Interface:
IMPORTANT for developers:
To synchronize model with an interface model needs to call it twice. Once with fetchData() to setup the data in an interface and second time with getData() to actually return the data. This will fill the gap in time between asking for the data and receiving it from a website. The implemented interface should notify model when data can be pulled from the interface.

STATFI-branch:
Running the code opens the empty UI window and prints data fetched from STATFI as a debug message. The test parameters are defined in main.cpp.

SMEAR-branch:
Running the code opens the empty UI window and prints data fetched from SMEAR as a debug message. The test parameters are defined in main.cpp.
